docs(progressbar):Revamp Overview (#1053)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/progressbar/overview.md

The <a href = "https://www.telerik.com/blazor-ui/progressbar" target = "_blank">Blazor ProgressBar component</a> tracks the execution of operations and displays what portion of it is completed. For very long tasks, you can also make it [indeterminate]({%slug progressbar-indeterminate-state%}).

## Creating Blazor ProgressBar

1. Use the `<TelerikProgressBar>` tag.

> 1. Set its `Value` parameter to denote how much is completed.

Reviewer: You can mention the type here to avoid wondering.

}
````

## Label

> The label is a text representation of the current progress. It is rendered inside the ProgressBar and by default shows the component value in percent. The ProgressBar allows customization of the label position and content. Use the label template to override the default percent label if the ProgressBar `Max` is different than the 100. [Read more about the ProgressBar Label...]({%slug progressbar-label%})

Reviewer: Try to use keywords for links for better SEO.

```suggestion
The label is a text representation of the current progress. It is rendered inside the ProgressBar and by default shows the component value in percent. The [ProgressBar allows customization of the label position and content]({%slug progressbar-label%}). Use the label template to override the default percent label if the ProgressBar `Max` is not `100`.
```

</div>
````

## ProgressBar Parameters

The ProgressBar provides the following features to further customize its behavior:

@[template](/_contentTemplates/common/parameters-table-styles.md#table-layout)

| Attribute | Type and Default Value | Description |
|----------|----------|----------|
| `Class` | `string` | the CSS class that will be rendered on the main wrapping element. You can use it to cascade styles more easily.

> | `Max` | `double` <br/> 100 | the maximum value of the ProgressBar. It must be greater than `0`.

Author: I am not sure I can see the problematic behavior here. Let's revise it together.

> | `Max` | `double` <br/> 100 | the maximum value of the ProgressBar. It must be greater than `0`.

Author: Updated the label customization docs - added note to customize it and not show the value in percent if the `Max` is different than 100.
